feat(Input): make `label` prop optional & add `accessibilityLabel` prop (#1472)
razorpay/blade: .changeset/nervous-chicken-explain.md

---
"@razorpay/blade": minor
---

> feat(TextInput): make `label` prop optional & add `accessibilityLabel` prop

Author: ```suggestion
feat(Input): make `label` prop optional & add `accessibilityLabel` prop to `TextInput`, `TextArea`, `PasswordInput`, `SelectInput`, and `OTPInput` components
```

#### Key Updates

> - **Optional `label` Prop**: We understand that not all use cases require a label for the TextInput. Therefore, we have made the label prop optional, providing you with the freedom to choose whether to display a label or not, depending on your specific application requirements.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Optional `label` Prop**: We understand that not all use cases require a label for the Input components. Therefore, we have made the label prop optional, providing you with the freedom to choose whether to display a label or not, depending on your specific application requirements.
```

> - **Introducing `accessibilityLabel`:** Recognizing the significance of accessibility in modern applications, we have added the `accessibilityLabel` prop to the TextInput. This prop enables developers to assign a descriptive label for the input field, making it more user-friendly for individuals using assistive technologies or screen readers.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Introducing `accessibilityLabel`:** Recognizing the significance of accessibility in modern applications, we have added the `accessibilityLabel` prop to the `TextInput`, `TextArea`, `PasswordInput`, `SelectInput`, and `OTPInput` components. This prop enables developers to assign a descriptive label for the input field, making it more user-friendly for individuals using assistive technologies or screen readers.
```

> - **Introducing `accessibilityLabel`:** Recognizing the significance of accessibility in modern applications, we have added the `accessibilityLabel` prop to the Input components. This prop enables developers to assign a descriptive label for the input field, making it more user-friendly for individuals using assistive technologies or screen readers.

Author: 100% use of brain.

> - **Introducing `accessibilityLabel`:** Recognizing the significance of accessibility in modern applications, we have added the `accessibilityLabel` prop to the Input components. This prop enables developers to assign a descriptive label for the input field, making it more user-friendly for individuals using assistive technologies or screen readers.

Reviewer: @snitin315 should be banned at using ChatGPT!

> - **Introducing `accessibilityLabel`:** Recognizing the significance of accessibility in modern applications, we have added the `accessibilityLabel` prop to the TextInput. This prop enables developers to assign a descriptive label for the input field, making it more user-friendly for individuals using assistive technologies or screen readers.
> 
> - **Enhanced User Guidance:** To maintain usability, we have implemented a requirement that either the `label` or `accessibilityLabel` prop must be provided. This ensures that users will always have clear guidance when interacting with TextInput, promoting a seamless user experience.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Introducing `accessibilityLabel`:** Recognizing the significance of accessibility in modern applications, we have added the `accessibilityLabel` prop to the Input components. This prop enables developers to assign a descriptive label for the input field, making it more user-friendly for individuals using assistive technologies or screen readers.

- **Enhanced User Guidance:** To maintain usability, we have implemented a requirement that either the `label` or `accessibilityLabel` prop must be provided. This ensures that users will always have clear guidance when interacting with Inputs, promoting a seamless user experience.
```
